OSSM-3251: Add cluster-wide deployment to Service Mesh docs (#58539)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-add-project-using-label-selectors-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service_mesh/v2x/installing-ossm.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-adding-project-using-label-selectors-cli_{context}"]
= Adding a project to the {SMProductShortName} using label selectors with the CLI 

You can use labels selectors to add a project to the {SMProductShortName} with the CLI.

.Prerequisites
* An installed, verified {SMProductName} Operator.
* An existing `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource.
* To perform this task, a user must have mesh admin privileges.

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} CLI.

. Edit the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit smmr -n <controlplane-namespace>
----

. Modify the YAML file to include namespace label selectors in the `spec.memberSelectors` field of the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Instead of using the `matchLabels` field, you can also use the `matchExpressions` field in the selector.

Reviewer: maybe we can add a reference to the kubernetes documentation about label selectors: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors
WDYT?

Author: @fjglira generally speaking, we're discouraged from linking to the upstream docs. Historically, there was confusion about what from the upstream content we support downstream, and it created problems for Customer Support.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service_mesh/v2x/installing-ossm.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="ossm-adding-project-using-label-selectors-cli_{context}"]
= Adding a project to the {SMProductShortName} using label selectors with the CLI 

> You can use labels selectors to add a project to the {SMProductShortName} with the CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use label selectors to add a project to the {SMProductShortName} with the CLI.
```

Author: Done

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Prerequisites
```
- These 3 list items need to have parallel grammatical constructions -- either all complete sentences or all sentence fragments.

* An installed, verified {SMProductName} Operator.
* An existing `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource.

> * To perform this task, a user must have mesh admin privileges.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You are logged in as a user with mesh admin privileges.
```
- no need to say 'must'; it's implied by the fact that these are prereqs

Author: Done

.Procedure

. Log in to the {product-title} CLI.

. Edit the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit smmr -n <controlplane_project>
----
+

> The example abouve uses `<controlplane_project>` as an example. You can deploy the {SMProductShortName} control plane to any project as long as it is separate from the project that contains your services.

Author: Done

. Modify the YAML file to include namespace label selectors in the `spec.memberSelectors` field of the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource.
+
[NOTE]
====
Instead of using the `matchLabels` field, you can also use the `matchExpressions` field in the selector.
====
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: maistra.io/v1
kind: ServiceMeshMemberRoll
metadata:
  name: default
  namespace: istio-system
spec:
  memberSelectors: <1>

>   - matchLabels: <2>                 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - matchLabels:                
```
- I don't think it's necessary to have multiple callout references in this sample

Author: When the developer and I worked through this, we thought it was best to include these callouts. I'd like to keep them.

      mykey: myvalue <2>            

>   - matchLabels: <3>               

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - matchLabels:              
```
- I don't think it's necessary to have multiple callout references in this sample

Author: When the developer and I worked through this, we thought it was best to include these callouts. I'd like to keep them.

      myotherkey: myothervalue <3> 
----

> <1> Contains the label selectors used to identify which project namespaces are included in the service mesh. If a project namespace has either label specified by the selectors then the project namespace is included in the service mesh. The project namespace does not need both labels to be included.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Contains the label selectors used to identify which project namespaces are included in the service mesh. If a project namespace has either label specified by the selectors, then the project namespace is included in the service mesh. The project namespace does not need both labels to be included.
```

Author: Done
